I know what you're thinking you're
thinking oh it's an SL Mercedes SL but
it's not this is the Mercedes SLS the
roaster version of the famous Goldwing
coupe a they brought out about 18 months
ago still has the same 572 horsepower
it's a premium of about 8,000 pounds
over the coupe a which actually doesn't
look too bad value to me but the
Goldwing doors have gone spit of a shame
really because there was such a
statement to this car at this car they
rate at 16 60 kilos but they use the din
scale so that includes a driver and
luggage so you can easily take a hundred
kilos off that and in a bit of fuel if
you'd use the Italian way of weighing
cars which they put them in an oven for
about a week and see just how dry and
get it so no fuel no liquids no oil no
nothing you're probably about fifteen
hundred kilos 1480 1500 kilos for this
car and that's light actually especially
when you've got five hundred seventy two
horsepower to play with roof is really
clever
it's just 11 seconds to fold it down
that's sort of the advantage of having a
fabric roof as well as being lighter it
tucks away
there's no covers to go over it it's a
bit like a Boxster it just the top lays
down and that's the finished flush
finish very good and you can open it up
to 30 miles an hour or something so no
getting held up at traffic lights and
all no the roofs not down inside this is
like identical really to what we've seen
before one of the disappointments for me
is those dials they don't look as
classes I saw one hundred eighty
thousand pound Roasters should but down
here is where all the action is on this
this control here is the gearbox we go
from Comfort Sport Sport+ and manual
stop start on there to stay traction
control first stage just lets you have a
little bit of fun or it's all off or
comes back on again soon as you touch
the brakes and then new on this SLS and
you're going on the coupe as well these
electric dampers so they're gainers
comfort sport and a sports plus setting
just get in firmer with each one and the
AMG button just tightens up throttle
response cetera but it also introduces a
mad thing on the dash which is a bit
like like a GTR you suddenly have this
powered gauge and you can do lap time
you can download all the information on
it bit mad really but OMG always had a
wild streak to them there's the oil
there's a huge gap again and then you
get to the radiator wouldn't blow moves
all this as well it is just incredible
under the bondages it's they talk about
front mid-engine well this is one of the
best examples you'll ever see it's just
like the SLS key let's go hit the button
that's a nice sound for the morning they
need a coffee with noise like that in
your garage
there's no vowels in it because it's
always like this there's no playing
around and setting a sports mutters play
it gets eaten out by this ball the self
great advantage though is having a 6.2
liter engine it is always got grunt
there's so much talk available discs
they all talk about our everyday
supercars but I think this is about as
neat as you get in everyday
sometimes I wish it wasn't quite so big
with carbon so it is neon this SLS
roadster is these electronic dampers
they are meant to help ride they do a
bit I mean it's still quite firm right
this car
it is just pushes those initial groups
more than the standard parties
two settings again and call it sports
and sports plus
it doesn't go throught Kazem I imagine
so I think it yes there's an option
worth having
my big white buildings
now some of the dislikes
the gearbox it still doesn't do what you
tell it to sometimes you think did I
press I'd try to change gear and it
doesn't respond can't quite work out
what's happening I'm there like the
paddles on the wheel they feel cheap
this is seventy six thousand pound car
it should have proper pad
you'll notice that about his gearbox it
works so well in the Ferrari shares it
with a four five eight it shares it with
a California I think that Castle of
exposes this car list of the California
the California list price is 146,000
this price of this car especially for
one hundred and seventy six thousand
pounds
this is thirty thousand pounds more than
the Ferrari doesn't sound particularly
good value to me and with all the extras
on this car I'm sure it's north of two
hundred thousand pound car and that's a
huge amount of money for what most
people will see is Mercedes SL they
won't quite get I think when they see it
on the road that this is the SLS they're
just always Mercedes SL
I sort of say that and I'll get behind
the wheel again
and he can't help but love mine
very enjoyable car whatever you say
about yesterday's yes it's too expensive
for its fun though